Projects/CnCTracker/README.md, before:


Nice to have:
    MaxCP
    Research points
    Current cash

To fix:

## To do:
- [x] Get alliance information (all data can be found in CnCTo repo)
    - [x] Player
    - [x] Bases
    - [x] NumNod
    - [x] NumGDI
    - [x] Bonuses [LIST]
        - [x] Types [LIST]
            - [x] Levels
            - [x] X
            - [x] Y
- [] Print alliance information on UI
- [] Load profile when click on username
- [] Load base when click on base name
- [x] Get all bonuses (based on current level)
- [x] Get all POIs (x,y,level,amount,type)
- [x] Get last login for players
- [] Is Base holding a POI
- [x] Get all alliance ranking (that way we can plot it and see if we are improving quicker or slower)
- [x] Get worst repair time 
- [] Remove bases from players
- [x] Add total tib, cry, etc, variables to the players
- [] Add button to scan players
- [] Fix bug where you can open and close the window (so opening a window doens't create a new instance each time)


### Moved

- Get a comprehensive list of all the challenges/quests

Commit message:

chore: adding better tracking and the ability to clear data

Projects/CnCTracker/README.md, after:


Nice to have:
    MaxCP
    Research points
    Current cash

To fix:

## To do:
- [x] Get alliance information (all data can be found in CnCTo repo)
    - [x] Player
    - [x] Bases
    - [x] NumNod
    - [x] NumGDI
    - [x] Bonuses [LIST]
        - [x] Types [LIST]
            - [x] Levels
            - [x] X
            - [x] Y
- [] Print alliance information on UI
- [] Load profile when click on username
- [] Load base when click on base name
- [x] Get all bonuses (based on current level)
- [x] Get all POIs (x,y,level,amount,type)
- [x] Get last login for players
- [] Is Base holding a POI
- [x] Get all alliance ranking (that way we can plot it and see if we are improving quicker or slower)
- [x] Get worst repair time 
- [x] Remove bases from players
- [x] Add total tib, cry, etc, variables to the players
- [x] Add button to scan players
- [] Fix bug where you can open and close the window (so opening a window doens't create a new instance each time)
- [] Add a clear data button
- [x] Scan all bases now (not just one)
- [x] Max repair time from all bases



### Moved

- Get a comprehensive list of all the challenges/quests
